::name Messenger bots
::author Manveer Singh
::author_url https://www.github.com/Manveer695
::description To reply to user queries during their conversation with SUSI messenger bots. 
::dynamic_content No
::developer_privacy_policy  
::image images/messenger_bots.png
::terms_of_use  

Get started
!example:Get started
!expect:I am a personal assistant built by open source community FOSSASIA.
I am a personal assistant built by open source community FOSSASIA.

Start chatting
!example:Start chatting
!expect:Ask me anything like temperature at a place or distance between two countries or any other thing which you would like to ask.
Ask me anything like temperature at a place or distance between two countries or any other thing which you would like to ask.

Follow back success
!example:Follow back success
!expect:Thank you for following me. Tweet by tagging my name with your query, to get it answered. I followed you back so that you can also personally message me.
Thank you for following me. Tweet by tagging my name with your query, to get it answered. I followed you back so that you can also personally message me.

Follow back failed
!example:Follow back failed
!expect:Thank you for following me. Tweet by tagging my name with your query, to get it answered.
Thank you for following me. Tweet by tagging my name with your query, to get it answered.

Welcome
!example:Welcome
!expect:Welcome to SUSI A.I.!
Welcome to SUSI A.I.!

Share
!example:Share
!expect:I had an amazing chat with SUSI.AI! Do you want to try it too?
I had an amazing chat with SUSI.AI! Do you want to try it too?
 
Contribution
!example:Contribution
!expect:You can visit the SUSI.AI repository and start contributing.
You can visit the SUSI.AI repository and start contributing.

Gitter channel
!example:Gitter channel
!expect:You can also join us on our Gitter channel.
You can also join us on our Gitter channel.

#The below queries are shown as examples of what the user can try asking SUSI.AI

Borders
!example:Borders
!expect:Borders with INDIA.
Borders with INDIA.

Distance
!example:Distance
!expect:Distance between China and U.S.A.
Distance between China and U.S.A.

Cos
!example:Cos
!expect:Tell me the Cos of pi
Tell me the Cos of pi

Rating
!example:Rating
!expect:Rating of Game Of Thrones series.
Rating of Game of Thrones series.
